Today if you think about the business
they feel like m multiple personality to
the customer. So in the sales phase they
core you very very uh aggressively and
once you sign up and become a customer
you dealing with entirely different
personality right and you're dealing
with service departments feel like these
are really disconnected right and I do
feel like AI agents can make this entire
experience a continuous uh ongoing
conversation throughout the entire
customer journey and LM is a perfect
tool to do that and that will really
bring the level of personalization
the level of customer experience that
wasn't possible before.
[Music]
Hi and welcome to training data. Today
we're joined by Cresta CEO Ping Woo and
Sequoia's Doug Leone who sits on the
CREA board. Today's episode dives into
the gnarly world of the contact center,
a giant legacy industry filled with
slowmoving incumbents that is
responsible for driving the vast
majority of company customer
conversations. Ping understands this
world deeply, having first built
Google's contact center business before
becoming product leader and then CEO of
Cresta.
Ping joins us to talk about the
different waves of technology that have
hit the call center, how he sees the
future of customer experience evolving
with LLMs towards an abundance future,
and why his playbook is to meet
customers where they are, blending human
agent assist with autonomous digital
agents. Doug Leone also shares his
perspectives from several decades of
investing in company building and his
hot takes on whether we're in an AI
bubble. He also shares where he believes
the value will occur in AI. Hint, it's
in the application layer in this gnarly
last mile. Enjoy the show.
Ping, welcome to the show and thank you
for bringing me bringing along our
special guest ugly as well on your
board.
>> My pleasure. Thank you.
>> Thank you both for joining. Uh Ping, I
want to start by asking a big part of
the AI thesis is that AI is going to
replace labor globally and that the TAM
is in the tens of trillions of dollars.
Obviously the contact center the call
center is a big pool of labor that you
know is just begging to be automated. If
you had to guess how much of call center
labor spend will actually be automated
fully by AI.
>> Yeah. So we internally we have spent a
lot of time uh debating about this. Um
the reality is I don't think anyone
knows for sure and if you ask uh depends
on really what they're selling and um
you ask different people and they give
you different answers and some people
will say that 100% human will be gone in
contact center and some garnerers um
research actually shows that you none of
the fortune 500 over the next five years
will have contact center uh gone
entirely humanless. So you know it's
answer probably fall into somewhere um
in in the middle and um in fact we got
this asked this question uh two years
ago when GPD4 first came out and a lot
of people will say that um maybe in two
or three years there will no longer be
humans in the contact center. Um so at
that time uh our belief is that you
probably the transformation especially
for existing for for Fortune 500
companies will probably take way longer
than a lot of people think.
>> Doug, what do you think? What's your bet
>> at the limit?
It's 100%.
But I'm mindful that there are still IBM
mainframes and cobalt being used in
America in a banking system. So to me is
not really what percent to me is the
speed of which this is going to happen.
Is it going to happen within 10 20 25
years 30 years? Because whether the
answer is 30% or 60%, if it happens in
50 years, that means one thing for
companies like Crest. If it happens in 3
years, it means something else. So the N
number is not the relevant metric for me
to me is the speed of adoption.
>> Great distinction.
Ping, you've been working in the contact
center AI space for well over a decade.
Prior to becoming CEO at Cresta, you ran
the equivalent function over at Google.
And so maybe for those of us in the
audience that don't know the contact
center market, can you tell us a little
bit about what it is, how big it is, and
how technology has served it so far?
>> Yeah. Um, when first talk about contact
center, a lot of people will naturally
think about call center. A lot of humans
sitting there uh listening, answering
calls, right? Uh contact center really
is a broader uh category that including
the omi channel interactions from emails
to digital chats and you know on website
and in apps and also including calls of
course and the overall market is uh
quite big and there are uh historically
um um there are around 17 to 20 million
uh agents human agents actually work in
the contact center. for the software
market is probably um in the tens of
billions and uh for AI market according
to some research it will be in the high
tens of billions of dollars
>> and is the use case mostly you know
customers calling in to complain
customer support is that what these
these contact centers are mostly used
for
>> oh so yeah so customer call in there are
all kind of reason they call in right
complaints are fixing the issue but also
I think a lot of people may not realize
that there are probably a quarter of the
contact center, 25% is actually revenue
generating. They're including um selling
stuff or collecting money or uh
retaining customers and that kind of
conversations. So, it's not 100%
customer support.
>> So, I have a question for you that I
never asked you. If you look at the
contact center, and I'm old enough to
date myself.
You go back 30 years, you heard names AA
and god knows whoever else that's barely
living in and out of bankruptcy. You go
back 15 years, you see genesis of the
world. What caused a bright young
engineer or Ping Woo 15 years ago to be
attracted with this market and one could
have said it's always been a stodgy
market. It's always been of low
interest. it always created these slow
growing companies. What is it that
interested you? Now, of course, now we
understand it's a vibrant market with
lots of opportunity. But turning the
clock back 10 years ago, what attracted
you to this market?
>> Um, first of all, 15 years ago, I didn't
even realize that's a long history of
slow growth of the market. Otherwise,
maybe I will think differently. And
second um at that time I just um do you
remember there's a period of time
there's a lot of excitement the
conversation AI technology and
especially around u consumerf facing
speakers and um at that time um people
think that that would disrupt Google
that would become the entry point for
all the consumer uh interactions and I
happen to really believe that contact
center will probably be the most
exciting opportunity for conversation AI
to transform and it's because it has all
the issues issues that traditionally
people get excited about VC get excited
about it's a massive market a lot of
humans working there and it's in the
middle between businesses and customers
right and it's all interaction going
through and also no one's happy in
contact center so if you you know by no
one I mean there are three different
parties there are customers that call in
that most of us may not be too happy
because the wait time is very long and
the agents by the way I think a lot of
people may not realize the agent the
workforce attrition in contact is
massive is on average is 35 to 40% in
some cases during covid some company
have more than 100% turnover that means
>> I just get yelled at all day long
>> right so it's very high stress and it's
it's not a very fun job and and also the
business um also feel like there are
always the opportunity to do more with
less it seems no one is happy and it's a
massive market but I think you know
that's the great opportunity for AI um
and technology to bring abundance and to
and then abundance is the answer in in
my opinion to solve all these issues.
>> So you you were working on this at
Google 10 years ago. I I imagine this
was the small language model wave and
the the BERT days. Uh was the technology
ready at that point and maybe walk us
through the different waves of
technology that have hit the contact
center.
>> Yeah, so that's a great question. Even
long before that there's technology
called IVR and that you press one, two,
three for different routes and through
uh for different call reasons. And then
since then there are innovation around
the input right you can instead of
pressing you can directly speak natural
language and that's with the advance of
natural language uh processing and um
TTS and text to speech generation that
experience getting better and better for
um when we first start in context on AI
Google um it's even before BERT actually
if it's before transformers uh it's
mainly using AI or at that time using AI
to do classification intent
classification
and entity extraction using pre
transformer models and and then but the
conversation experience is still
manually crafted right so um so that's
the last generation of technology and
then after that of course the
transformer came along but initially
it's also for classification purposes
still the experience is manually crafted
but then the LMS entirely changed the
whole thing not only the conversation
experience on automation side but also
just you can understand conversation in
a way that never was able before
>> and what does that mean practically in
terms of the roll out of this technology
inside contact centers? Did it mean that
you know customers were just extremely
unhappy when it was IVR and then they
were slightly less unhappy when you
started to have kind of more
transformers in the flow and now now
customers are very happy to be talking
to an LLM based agent or how is the
evolution of technology uh change the
customer experience?
>> Yeah. Um I think the way we would like
to think about it is uh really um from
the first principle right and you know
the there are a lot of the conversations
um shouldn't even happen in in our view
and um you know the fact that it happens
because customers not happy um I think
the solution for that is to use the AI
to really understand to bring 100%
visibility into all interaction in the
contact center today and using AI to
analyze it and then to do deep research
and then find out the root cause and And
then that usually reflects some process
broken um or website updates that freak
out people or you know firmware update
that bring down network and all that
kind of stuff. So you need to fix that
first right and first you know avoid
interaction if it's not necessary right
and you know beyond that I do feel like
you know their AI can automat automate a
lot of interactions that no one want to
have like you know neither the business
nor the customer want to have those
interactions those are what we call low
emotion value interactions that should
be self self-s served and then on top of
that I do think that contact center AI
will enable new interactions um that
ones that you cannot afford to do that
today. Um, so all these are improving
customer experience.
>> Do you think end customers will ever
prefer talking to an AI agent over a
human agent? And have we reached that
point yet?
>> So look, I mean that's a really
interesting question. So I've been
thinking about this, you know, on my way
here. So I never met anyone that have
this experience of talking to a customer
support agent on the phone and go, I'm
really frustrated. Send me your AI,
please. And we never had that
experience. and and in fact that I would
encourage people to look up some of the
um you know some of the companies and
search for their customer service right
the first question that people ask on
Google and Google will surface what is
the most popular question the first
question is always how do I talk to a
live per person for this type of um you
know customer service so so I think that
that time probably hasn't arrived fully
yet it depends on what kind of
interactions again
>> I I'm maybe too techno optimistic or AGI
pilled here, but I've I feel like I've
seen some recordings now where, you
know, a the AI can be emotionally
intelligent. It has infinite patience,
right? It's not trying to hit some
metric on time to resolution. Uh and so,
for example, if somebody calls in and
they're having a really bad day, for
example, your AI can be a lot more
patient and empathetic uh than a human
agent even could. And so, I'm I'm I'm
sort of optimistic on the side of the
the bots here. Well, I agree. There's
the human component of patience or the
subtleties of humanity, but there's also
the training of the agent like versus
the training of the AI. Three years from
now, who's going to be much more much
more equipped to answer a question? It's
clear that AI is the answer. I kind of
think of gold like versus Bitcoin.
Somehow the analogy came to my mind as
you said that it is clear that Bitcoin
is going to win. Uh it is clear that
Bitcoin is going to be worth more than
gold. It is clear
>> not investment advice.
>> Not investment advice, but it is clear
that that the agents by definition and a
lot of which don't even reside in
America. The there's a language
component. Uh you know, I'm not saying
anything bad about the agents, but
there's a language component, there's a
training component, there's the human
component, and I think in all those
dimensions, I think AI is going to win
in the next two to three years. Hm.
Bitcoin as digital gold is a really
interesting analogy to to the agent the
digital agent versus the human agent
question.
>> Yeah. Um from our perspective we really
want to meet customer where they are
today. So uh unlike self-driving cars uh
you really have to automate the entire
thing 100% of time otherwise you do not
have the economic impact. For contact
center we we find is very unique is that
the work is very divisible. So first the
conversation is um you know those are
every conversation is independent unit
and you can automate x% of conversation
that's ready to be automated and for uh
for a lot of reason we can get into
details and then for the remaining ones
um you can still use AI to assist humans
and to you know take away the initial
maybe 10% of the interactions like
authentication or intake or lead
qualification and then take away all the
after call work and also have AI agents
to help humans in the middle of the
conversation to do knowledge retrieval
to do data entries all that stuff. So
that's not um you know mutually
exclusive and as long as we feel like
customer not ready to say that we just
need to turn on our claw center today
and then go full AI we feel like there's
a long you know depending again come
what kind of business and what kind of
um you know technical um you know the IT
infrastructure um so I think the journey
will probably take different time frame
but our goal is really meet the customer
where they are.
>> Yeah. So cross is in an interesting
position because you both have the agent
assist product that helps make existing
contact center agents more productive.
Uh and then you have the actual AI agent
product that is directly customerf
facing you know autonomous autonomous
agent. Um where do you think most
customers are today? Are they ready to
go full force just you know put the
agent on my website let it go crazy. Are
they mo are they you know experimenting
with that? Where is the customer today?
>> It depends on the customer. If you and I
started ebike store today on Shopify and
we can automate 100%. I'm sure because
it really depends on how complex is our
product. Um it can be order or magnitude
difference between like a simple product
like ebike or versus a real world
touching many different countries and
then millions of tens of millions of
people. So it's very different and then
that impact the the complexity of the
conversation handled by the contact
center. And then the other part is the
IT infrastructure. A lot of people may
actually realize that um before you
actually enter the contact center you
will feel like oh this should be easily
very easy to automate but the reality is
um a lot of those um things that human
do in the contact center today are is
optimized for humans. So those system
record or the system action ticketing
system these has been around for
decades. A lot of them just simply do
not have APIs right. So the only thing
that to make changes is through a
graphic user interface that optimize for
humans and without a real-time API just
you know again these are not AI problems
and uh we believe that you know these
are the opportunity that we work with
our customer to develop those real-time
APIs and then so that's why we feel like
those transformation depends on the
nature of the business would take
different time frame. Yeah, it's
interesting you made the self-driving
car analogy earlier because I was
thinking about your business earlier
this morning and if you think about
Tesla, part of the beauty of them
getting to full autonomy is that they
have so much data coming in from their
cars even when they're on L2, right? uh
for you guys because you are the call
center assist you're the agent assist
you actually get full data of the
conversation whether it's you know voice
whether it's uh whether it's
conversational based digitally and you
that can become a training base for
customers to automate more and more of
their uh conversations over to the agent
over time
>> yes 100% and in fact when we first my
first um the journey when I first
started uh seven eight years ago it's
really automation only I really believe
it should be automation
Fast forward we run into all kind of
real deployments and then we really
actually broaden my own horizon. Then I
believe that in order to really do the
best possible automation it's
counterintuitively you need to know what
actually happened in the contact center
what are humans actually doing. So not
only just the conversations but also
what they're seeing on the screen that's
super important um to actually build the
best automation possible. One of them is
the sex appeal. It's the sizzle. It's
what everybody wants to talk about which
you have to have otherwise you're a
tired old company. The other is the
realities of our business are run and
what they need. And so if you are one of
these new age companies, you're quickly
going to hit a wall because you don't
have the data and you don't have the
systems that you really need to run a
contact center. But if you're have the
former don't have the ladder, then
you're labeled as a as an online
company. So here in our case, we
understood this a while back and we make
sure we invested. We not only we double
down on the operational system for agent
assist, but we also developed the sex
appeal product because that that's what
a lot of customers want to talk about
day one.
>> Yeah. And another aspect of it is really
just tied to the uh the point I make
earlier um is that a lot of those calls
shouldn't really happen. People call in,
there's no way to make them happy. It's
because they're not happy to begin with,
right? And you know if your product
works, if your process works, they
shouldn't really happen. So if look, if
this room we feel really really cold,
maybe the answer is not a heater. Maybe
maybe there's a broken window or there
is a patio door wide open. The solution
is turn on the light and see uh the root
cause and then fix that first before you
turn on the heater. Yeah,
>> love that. uh customer support is one of
those you know canonical examples of
where people think large language models
will be most transformative and you know
it's almost a consensus category for
venture startups at this point. Uh how
do you compete? What is it like to to
compete when everyone has access to the
same LLMs and and is you know latching
on to the same big picture vision?
>> Yes. So um again um in order to really
deliver value in the context center
transformation it's not just a models
it's just not a model. model is bunch of
weights and the data and you know itself
is not going to provide a value right
and now the question is how much you
need to build on top of it to deliver
that value if that layer is very very
thin then I would argue probably um it's
you don't have much um opportunity to
cue value right and then also if that
layer will be gone when the model gets
better there's no way you have a durable
business but that is not the case for
contact centers and um in where major
Majority of the agencies are still on
premise and where a lot of there are so
many look on average agents in the
fortune 500 we look at some surveys they
interact with eight to 10 different
systems remember these companies also
acquire other companies over years over
decades those backend system may not
even talk to each other you know depends
on where you book the flights or depends
on where you book the hotel they may
need to log into different systems right
so that's the reality we're talking
about um so that's why you We believe is
our strategy is meeting customer where
they are and and and then drive value on
day one.
>> Vertical integration from the stake to
the sizzle. That's how you win. Um what
do you think is overhyped and what's
underhyped in the kind of contact center
AI space right now?
>> Yeah. For overhyped I think is the
mindset of scarcity. Um is the job
displacement I think in the short term
is probably a little overhyped. And
what's underhyped is the mindset of
abundance. Um you think about new
experience that um AI can enable. You
know for example can you talk to a
website? Can you directly talk to the
app and can you turn a synchronous
interaction into a asynchronous
interaction? Can you talk to the um
airline app and say that I want you to
do this XYZ and then call me back when
you get it done. Right? And then can you
uh have that super um um you know multi-
language AI agent to have those
conversations or there are so many
interaction that today you just cannot
happen uh just simply because you do not
have the staff right so and then the
other thing actually I feel is really
underhyped is people really seems
obsessed with one side of the
conversation which is the workforce and
then people ask you know how many of the
workforce were replaced by AI
But no one ever asked the question is
how many inbound calls will be replaced
by AI. So my belief is that there will
be uh over the next few years you will
probably see a race to getting the AI
assistant on the consumer aggregators
and um and then a lot of things that
consumer probably will dedicate to the
AI assistant including making the phone
calls. So I think that's maybe an
interesting thing to pay attention to.
>> That's really cool. Okay. So you could
talk to the United Airlines app and have
it, you know, asynchronously go figure
something out for you and call you back.
Is that something that you're working
on?
>> Um, we're no comment on that.
>> Okay, very cool. Okay, I want to
transition to talk a little bit about
company building. Doug, you've been
around the block for a while. Seen seen
the movie a few times.
>> Means I'm old.
>> That's what you just said.
>> I I was trying to say it nicely. Yes.
>> Um, how is building a company right now?
You're seeing this live with Ping. How's
building a company in AI different from
from your you know your last few decades
of building legendary companies?
>> Uh it's not very different. Uh what I
mean by that is you need a terrific
founder and we'll talk about the
crustless situation a little later
hopefully. Um you need to plug in
worldclass engineers at the very start.
Unless you start with A+es you'll never
move up. You'll only be moving down. You
have to plug in salespeople that are not
administrators that are fresh. Maybe
they were regional sales manager early
on because one, you can't get the
world-class people and two, if you get
them, they're too big for the company.
You have to figure out what the ramp is
that you're willing to fund. You have to
figure out what the role of marketing
is. You have to solve this thing that I
call the merchandising cycle that's been
getting some play online, which is from
product marketing to BDRs to revenue.
Wherever that's broken, it looks like a
bad sales guy, a bad BP of sales, but
you have to get that right. And so I
think the business fundamentals are very
are very similar.
>> I do think one of the characteristics of
the companies that are doing the best in
AI right now is they just move with
extreme speed. And maybe that's always
been the case, but I think it's it's
even more intense right now. How do you
think about instilling the need for
speed in the companies you work with and
even at Sequoia?
>> So, I thought of answering that as part
of my answer and the reason I left it
out. All the boards I'm on move with
extreme speed. And that's because I
paint a picture for the founders of a
river, a river with rocks. And the
founders and the co's job is to remove
those rocks. So when you give me next
year's plan, I don't care that's a 150%
net new AR growth. I want to know why
the plan is the plan. And I want to
challenge you why it's not 3x that. And
maybe the answer is funding. Well, we
can get funding in this market. Maybe
the answer is uh management experience.
Well, that's often a good answer. Some
people will say market. Well, no way.
That's market. We're a little company
that is. And so in my mind it's forcing
it's forcing the understanding that
these companies are capable of doing
things which they don't believe they are
capable of doing yet and to remove those
rocks and I push and I push and I push
and I said why can't we go faster and do
it in a linear fashion because god
forbid something isn't going to happen.
And if you hire 250 salespeople in Q1
and then you realize in Q3 something's
wrong in Q3 something's wrong with the
product, then you're stuck with a burn.
So I'm a believer and I hear no, we got
to train them all the same baloney. Give
us please a revenue ramp that's linear
so we can midcourse corrections up and
down and let's not be stuck by these
numbers. We have 10 fingers 100% growth.
That's all How fast can we
possibly grow? That's always been the
mantra in all the boards that that I've
served on. AI is is not different.
>> Uh what does Crescent need to do next?
What does Crest need to do over the next
five plus years in order to become a
great company, a legendary company?
>> So well, first of all, it has to
continue to develop product. It has to
continue to put one front one foot in
front of the other. It has to always see
whenever some people reach a Peter
principle of their role, it has to be
relatively aggressive in making sure it
hires people that are capable of taking
it from that point on and forward.
Staying away from these quote very
experienced people that start feeling a
bit like suits and administrators. Point
one, that's the most important thing. Uh
but the other thing uh that Cresta has
to do it has to up its game in
marketing. There's a lot of companies I
use the word the sizzle. There's a lot
of company with a lot of sizzle and no
stake. We have a whole bunch of stake.
We're a modern company. We're
best-in-class in one category. We're
going to be best-in-class in the other
category. We have beautiful growing run
rate in both the agent assist and in the
AI part of the product, in the automated
part of the product. I just think we
need to attach a marketing overlay so we
become a household name out of the
market.
>> Wonderful. Well, glad you're on the
podcast then.
Um, maybe stepping back, Doug, you've
seen some market cycles. Are we in an AI
bubble?
>> The word bubble implies you invest money
in and you lose money.
because either due to lack of supply of
companies or abundance of capital
there's certainly an abundance of
capital but I've noticed over the last
two cycles the internet cycle with net
kept going public in 95 two great
companies being built in the late 90s in
Google and Amazon a few others names
that came to me then a bit of a pause
even the words I heard the internet is a
fraud it's not going to do anything and
then three years later the world went
crazy. That latency was a lot less in
mobile. I remember when we first looked
at these apps and Jim gets and I former
partner said, "How do you make money
from a $19 app? How do you build a
multi-billion dollar company?" Never
thinking of Airbnb, never thinking of
Door Dash. A year or two later, we saw
Airbnb and Door Dash. Again, that from
initial birth to real market shrunk from
the internet. I think this is shrunk
even further. I think AI is here. I
think you have to invest. I think you're
at the front end of a cycle, which
doesn't mean you have to invest in
everything. But one of the mistakes that
we made at SEOA is whenever we see a bit
of revenue momentum, we have some
geniuses around the partners meeting
that say, "Oh, it can stop. It can be
substituted.
Keep it very easy." You see a small
company with very momentum in a front
end of the market. I'm not talking about
the SAS market in 2021 where where
you're down to niche verticals. at the
front end of the market, you start
seeing the monocum more revenue
momentum. You lean in and you hold your
nose on price.
>> I love that. As you think about where
value occurs in the market, there's, you
know, there's compute, there's other
infrastructure, there's the foundation
models, there's the application layer.
Where do you think value occurs?
>> Up.
>> It always accrs up. Just look at the
gross margins as you move up markets.
Look at the gross margin of chip
companies. Look at the gross margins of
the system companies. Look at the gross
margin of the Well, but that's and and
Nvidia of which we were the first
investor is a great company. Jensen was
able to see the future many years ahead
and he pulled one of the great probably
the greatest coup in Silicon Valley what
he did. It's just spectacular. Uh but if
we're looking over time, I think value
is going to acrue to quote the
application layer. what that ever looks
like, you know, it's going to crew up
near the customer, near the money, near
the business user.
>> I agree. Um, how do you think the AI
wave is different than internet or
mobile?
>> Uh, I thought of everything else being
tools to make us more productive,
meaning we all becameworked and we all
became network and mobile. I view the
iwave as the industrial re the
revolution 2.0. I think this is much
much larger. I remember thinking boy we
have just seen the biggest market caps 5
years ago. Why is it because it was
connectivity that created this revenue
growth. Never imagine that there was
this thing that was going to be much
bigger than connectivity and the
mobility. It was a complete redoing of
humanity of how humanity exists, works,
lives, enjoys. And I think AI is both
going to be a wonderful thing for us and
maybe even a kiss of death for us over
the next 10, 20 years.
>> Yeah, totally agree with what Doug said.
And I think one thing AI is very unique
is that there are so many surprises.
There are surprises of underlying
capabilities that you never seen before
in internet or mobile age. If you take
you know you if you take the world view
in 2015 and take a time machine to give
that to someone in 2007 when Steve Job
first introduced iPhone. I think someone
can resonate with that. And then same
for internet. Um I think people can kind
of foresee what's coming. But for AI, I
feel there's so many surprises as the
underlying model gets better. There are
things that even the authors for
transformer paper would not have
imagined some of the capability that
just came after the large language
models and that continue to surprise us.
So I do think that you know a lot of the
improvements is nonlinear. It's really
from zero to one continue happening at
the bottom layer. So I think that's
something that make it even more
exciting. You know, I'm going to remind
you something. In uh March of 2022,
which now sounds like an eternity, it
was my last annual meeting where we meet
with all the investors.
And it was a goodbye kind of thing, you
know, where I present the performance
and everything. And I had a slide that
talked about all the waves back from the
chip wave to the se to the systems wave
to the LAN/WAN wave to internet to
mobile and the next box a short three
and a half years ago was a question
mark.
We did not know as a partnership and we
are as advanced as anybody. We are we
are the bleeding edge investor right in
seed. We did not see the wave coming and
this wave has been a tsunami and I don't
think there's there's any end in sight.
>> Thank you. Thank you for sharing those
insights. Do you want to talk about
Cresa's technical staff stack or should
we should we bug ping on that?
>> I'd like to. Well, in fact, I'm going to
have to go in a few minutes because I'm
in a process of recoding some of the
some
>> Are you vibes coding the the
>> Yes. Yes. Yes. I'm live coding
everything.
>> Uh Ping, tell us about the tech stack.
>> Yeah. So we have a pretty broad um
surface or product and um I can maybe
talk about the voice AI agent. We um we
streaming end to end uh audio
birectional and uh we orchestrate
multiple different models and there are
speech to text model um and then noise
cancellation model to improve the audio.
There are models that uh detect the
terms and the speech activities and to
handle interruptions. And then of course
there's a foundation model um and to
handle the conversation and you know the
other side is the TTS text generation
model right and then in parallel we also
run multiple smaller models to do guard
rail checking and to make sure that
nothing is go crazy and as well as um
those models will do company specific uh
kind of checks for example never give
out tax advice or never give out
financial promises things like that
right and then that's the runtime avoid
is AI agent and also there's design time
there are um components like running
large uh scale simulation to really
stress test uh the AI agent to cover all
the edge cases there's test case
management u components and similarly um
if you think about our voice AI
assistant so it's also streaming um
audio but again so there's a lot of
similarity between the infrastructure
but it's not birectional right it's one
direction and in listening to the call
and then understand what's actually
happening in the call with two humans,
right? And then orchestrating 10 plus
more models actually and and you know in
fact we similar similar to vertex you
know autoML we have a platform that can
allow customers to build their custom
models to detect interesting events uh
in the conversation. So and then marry
that with with workflows and people use
that to and and to detect fraud for uh
even used to detect fraud call center
fraud uh to train agents to how to
handle objections. There are so many use
cases that now with that um tool we call
opera they can express and trigger
workflows and um underneath is teacher
student distillation to distill into
really small models that we can run in
real time and to understand to human
conversations. What's the latency when I
talk to to one of your agents?
>> Um, so it's around below 800
milliseconds.
>> Wow. So it feels like talking to a
human.
>> Yes.
>> Huh. Yeah.
>> So So you're running all these models in
in near real time then?
>> Yes.
>> Are you running open source models or
are you running you know 11 labs and the
equivalent?
>> So across the platform there are 20
different models. Some are open source
and find fine tunes. are small models
that for example we only do chat or
email uh for human agents and we
autocomplete their sentences and type
ahead those are very very small models
and for TTS we um we yes we use 11 lab
there's a great uh they're great partner
we also use um other vendors and we
constantly compare um the performance
>> really cool and then the actual meat of
the conversation though the the the
dialogue or the conversational flow how
do you how do you control that in a way
that's not so rigid that it's like the
IVR systems of yesterday, but not so
free form that, you know, customers can
go crazy and get their refunds on
airline tickets and, you know, have the
bots say crazy things and embarrass the
customers. Like, how do you how do you
control the flow and get the both of
both best of both worlds?
>> Yeah. So, it's really just how you train
humans. You give them the specification
about what's the goal and these are the
tools and then have the that's the
beauty of large language models to
handle those messy kind of workflows. So
there's a lot of discussion about what's
workflow, what's agentic. Workflow is
anything you can write it down in code.
That's step by step. That's workflow.
And car wash. Car wash is actually
workflow. If you think about a boba tea,
milk tea, um you know, those are
physical workflows, but they cannot do
other things for for human conversation.
It's very messy. It's nonlinear, right?
So it's like, you know, so that's how
the agentic workflow come in. That's
where ALM is really good at. and and
then on top of those you want
determinism right and that's how we're
introduce the testing the simulation and
then the guardrails to make sure that
when whenever you have a change in any
part of system um the behavior is still
expected
>> do you tune your customers models to
because because you also have this agent
assist product so you're in the flow of
all these customer conversations do you
tune the agent to that training data or
is it completely net new forward
deployed engineers on site
uh mapping out conversations.
>> Yeah. So we have a tool that can map
from um you know what's actually in the
human conversation to extract the
blueprint of the conversation. Right. So
you know I think the beauty of that
again is to discover a lot of unknown
unknowns. So there are a lot of topics
and there's a lot of things that reason
people call in you may not even know
that may actually contain the call
volume a very large call volume. And
then once you have that you can now look
deeper and you can use IM to do all
these analysis and extract what are 577
different ways that people express the
same intent and what are the different
ways that the call flow will go right
and then we can summarize and extract
that right so all these are building the
products and then they in fact the
tooling gets better the four deployed
engineers will just be a lot more
efficient and then there are also other
ways we use the human side of
conversations for example uh we extract
the model for the visitor
So that's how you build your simulation
and the simulation is a huge part of
improving the AI agent and we believe
that having access to exactly how your
real customer humans come in and
describe ways and in different ways
sometimes very messy you can extract a
model and then to better simulation on
your AI agent as well
>> and then what methods do you use to make
LLM really bespoke for customer
environments like is it rag is it prompt
engineering is it fine-tuning is it all
of the above of reinforcement learning
like what are you most optimistic on in
terms of techniques? Yeah. So we use um
almost everything um to so definitely
prompting and then um and rag and for
for those simpler agents but we're still
exploring um you know by looking at the
human behavior and then the outcomes how
do you use RL to improve this end tom
performance and but you know for AI
agent by itself I think the foundation
model itself is already pretty pretty
good you just need to get the best out
of it um at least for a digital channel
for chat. But for uh other use cases uh
there's a lot of opportunity to
fine-tune the models and to make them um
you know for task like summarization for
task like um auto completion sentences
and that kind of stuff I feel like um
there's a lot of room to extract from uh
the fine-tuning open source models.
>> Yeah. What goes into building a
successful fleshy demo versus production
ready AI systems?
>> Yeah. So that's a really interesting
question because I think one thing
unique about AI is that there's a huge
gap between the demo and production and
on one end of spectrum you have rocket
launches the rocket launches the demo is
the production and the production is the
demo you cannot fake it right but for AI
it's it's little different and um you
know I can just give you example right
so auto summary auto summary feels like
a commodity capability that you know
anyone can use to create auto summary
But in order to deploy in some call
centers that today that 20,000 people
across multiple continents um call
centers and the challenge huge list of
challenges you know first how do you get
the real-time audio in the demo you can
you know demo very easy on on Tw in the
cloud but remember 50% of the
conversation happen on premise right and
then and then sometime you know the how
to access that will cost you a lot of
money as well and then how do you go
around that and then in the real call
20,000 agent calls there are transfers
there a lot of transfers and then there
are third party third callers that come
in that's healthcare specialist all that
need to be transcribed and summarized
and sometime the conversation goes so
long how do you handle like three hour
four hour calls that go beyond the
contact window right and and then things
like you know is there background noise
and then thing things like you know for
different core reasons there can be
different templates you really really
want to extract these type of
information you cannot miss that how do
you make sure you do that almost 100% of
the time and by the way how do you
handle PIIs and then you cannot have the
personal identifying information um you
know on rest and then by the way how do
you handle um you know data residency if
you're talking to multicontinental
multinational uh bank or uh our
healthcare um provider so all these
become additional requirements that make
um something that would feel very
commoditized like um you know out of
summary become very very much harder to
do um in actually contact contact center
>> and that's why you need a product minded
chief executive officer for one of these
companies.
>> Absolutely. And this this is also why
all the pain and all the value is in the
last mile. This is why the value is in
the application layer.
>> That's right.
>> Yeah, I tend to agree with that.
>> Yeah. Talk to us about the future. What
happens if everything goes right? What
does that mean for Crusta and what does
that mean for the world? Um I think that
AI will just like any technology before
it like electricity it will disappear.
It will disappear into workflows and I
think you know 20 30 years later no one
will realize that they may actually
talking to AI or is a human assisted by
AI. There's one thing I'm really excited
about is that today if you think about
the business right and they feel like
most multiple personality to the
customer. So in the sales phase uh or
the marketing phase they really really
want to talk to you. They core you very
very uh aggressively and once you sign
up and become a customer you dealing
with entire different personality right
and you dealing with service departments
and they use tend to use the terms like
um tier defense deflection and to just
handle you know to refer to the exact
person that they were courting just a
few days ago. And then even if you have
a long conversation on the custom
support line and share a lot of feedback
two weeks later another departments will
come in what's your feedback how about
you fill out this survey um you know to
to our business feel like these are
really disconnected right and I do feel
like AI agents can make this entire
experience a continuous uh ongoing
conversation throughout the entire
customer journey and ALM is a perfect
tool to do that and that will really
bring the level of personalization the
level of customer experience that wasn't
possible before.
>> Yeah. The point that really stuck with
me that you said earlier was about kind
of the scarcity versus the abundance
mindset and you know how much can
business to customer communications
really evolve and you know app
experiences really evolve uh if you take
the abundance mindset to bring into into
this field.
>> Thank you Ping. Thank you Doug for
joining us today. I love this
conversation.
>> Thank you. Thank you for having us.
[Music]